Remove outdated Gifs (#178)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: content/basics/templates/template-and-stack/index.md

             - ServerSideEncryptionByDefault:
                 SSEAlgorithm: AES256
   ```

> 1. Go to the AWS console and update your CloudFormation Stack:
> 
>    1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** link in a new tab and log in to your AWS account.
>    1. Click on the stack name, for example **cfn-workshop-s3**.
>    1. In the top right corner select **Update**.
>    1. In **Prepare template**, choose **Replace current template**.
>    1. In **Template source**, choose **Upload a template file**.
>    1. Select **Choose file** button and navigate to your workshop directory.
>    1. Choose the file `code/workspace/template-and-stack.yaml` and select **Next**.
>    1. On **Specify stack details** page select **Next**.
>    1. You can leave **Configure stack options** default, select **Next**.
>    1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down to the bottom, wait for **Change set** to complete and select **Submit**.
>    1. You can press the **refresh** button a few times until you see in the status **UPDATE_COMPLETE**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the AWS console to update your CloudFormation Stack:

   1. Log in to the **[AWS CloudFormation Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** in a new browser tab.
   1. Select the stack name, for example **cfn-workshop-s3**.
   1. In the top right corner select **Update**.
   1. In **Prepare template**, choose **Replace current template**.
   1. In **Template source**, choose **Upload a template file**.
   1. Select **Choose file** button and navigate to your workshop directory.
   1. Choose the file `code/workspace/template-and-stack.yaml` and select **Next**.
   1. On **Specify stack details** page, select **Next**.
   1. On the **Configure stack options** page, select **Next**.
   1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down and wait for the **Change set** section to complete. Then select **Submit**.
   1. Wait for the stack stack status to reach **UPDATE_COMPLETE**. You need to periodically select **Refresh** to see the latest stack status.
```

Author: Thank you Chris!
